very bad girls very good guys I am
free and attention all because good
PlayStation 4 sells almost twice as much
xbox one in usa
attention all because even so microsoft
he is optimistic with his results there is that
say that sony computer entertainment
America has been taken advantage of by
say it in some way the good has
published and has taken the opportunity to say
the results of the sector of
videogames in North America in the month of
January to confirm that according to the data
of the playstation 4 enep sells almost
twice as much as xbox one today and
says well the demand for playstation 4
continues to grow strongly as it has been
the number one console in the segment
nexgen in January almost doubling the sales
reached by the console of the
competition and keeping absolute leader
of playstation 4 of the market despite
It must be said that the data is
favorable are more favorable for the
sound console
Microsoft says it's satisfied
with the results of the xbox machine
including in light of the xbox 360
saying that they present the best site
to play the data of the rpd in January
show that xbox 360 and xbox one
they have the best means of games sold
for consoles with 2.27 million games
sold 47 percent of the share of
market in terms of games as there
to say that you know this last one has been
the best selling title of the month in the market
North American like other titles like
assassin's creed 4 black tom raider
final edition nba 2k 14 imparts the
film 4 so you know how always
informing the latest precision 4 sells
almost twice as much as the xbox which
xbox one and the xbox of 60 sell more
games in the North American market as well
that as always informing the last
daxas daily favorites and we are not
Conscious Chau